What a party!
Li Biao
What are you doing here?
You are not welcome to go out here.
I can come here.
It's already saving you face.
You let me out?
What about Shen Tingting?
Tell that bitch to come out and serve me
Where did the hooligan come from?
I didn't expect there to be a beautiful woman hidden here
come
Let the uncle hug
Hahaha, Miss Gao is a distinguished guest of the Shen family
I can't let you be presumptuous
What are you?
If Shen Wansan were here today
I can still respect him three points
But that old thing is terminally ill
What the hell are you guns?
Boy, do you know what Miss Gao is?
Is this where the hell you run wild?
Hahaha
Did you hear that?
In Yuncheng, since there are still people who dare to compete with me
You know who my father is
My father Li Tianba
Li Tianba
Emperor Yunzhong Tianxia
kid
You still have some shame
This trip really didn't come in vain.
There is a beautiful woman hiding
What, you beautiful woman?
Don't be afraid.
As long as you can sleep with me for one night
You can drive the price at will, don't come here.
Your son-in-law, I'm married.
What is marriage?
You can think about it.
My dad
But Yuncheng's famous underground emperor
Even if a steel coin falls from the sky
He also has to be surnamed Li
You're better off with that trash
Come with me!
Who the hell are you?
Bad grandpa, good thing you send me
You send oh oh oh
My woman, you dare to court death